I love HKU Computer Science!
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Colin McRae was the 1991 and 1992 British Rally Champion.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause's belly.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
With great power comes great responsibility.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren't available.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
Nothing is true. Everything is permitted.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The lake is a long way from here.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
It's not possible. No, it's necessary.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Deja Vu! I've just been in this place before.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
She was disgusted he couldn't tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down.
Never gonna run around and desert you.
Never gonna make you cry. Never gonna say goodbye.
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Be careful with that butter knife.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
Nani!? Kansei Drifto!?
Not all people who wander are lost.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The toddler's endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
